Update metavariable-regex docs about anchoring (#1689)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/writing-rules/rule-syntax.md

      - pattern: module.$METHOD(...)
      - metavariable-regex:
          metavariable: $METHOD
          regex: (insecure$)
    message: module using insecure method call
    languages:
      - python
    severity: ERROR
```

> This one matches all of the function calls in the example, returning a false positive on the `module.secure` call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example matches all of the function calls in the example, returning a false positive on the `module.secure` call:
```

Author: Good call -- I'm going to make a separate commit so I can rephrase the second instance of "example" at the same time.
